take today are you leave you know draw
much unless you have a whole lot go
straight colony
can't blame us you driving at break work
can't letting the kids drive the
electric vehicle we're in trouble uh-huh
and have move more gray hairs now lots
of them
who gets close to the toes I'd be the
first one lose my feet out as he way out
that ain't the only place I'm jumping at
home at a bite
and I've got some weed
hmm even a 50-percent it started to slip
in that mud
Oh unless your stubby five Oh God oh he
did where holy take my coat is you
had to find the big one or is that
hailey whoo damn good job past that one
Sam and it cricket oh it's got a feeling
that target is strong from that zone who
God's almighty hey listen stick
that way you ran on dougie do doggy done
dude is yalls over the place I don't
care whatever you lost the spray oh well
that's great enough that the vehicle
think like this for a while but
that doggie Doo is better than an mi
bowy and miss cow that's the big thing
is you can hit the tweet we don't like
it wouldn't hurt that for you here you
want to cut that thing down through bed
fire fighter more Ernst anymore you can
do it damn I think I can see where the
doggie Doo stuck to the tire damn it
some rican ass down you got keep
going you're cool
yes yes hey you know I'd turns 10 10
more go forward just give it to dad go
forward turn
yes get that over here
ever let you drive horn work there's a
break I things started to spin wheel at
crawfish mound didn't have enough mood
you'll never find the Doug you do hey
nigga straight up well don't worry about
it'll fall off stop singing
eventually whoo damn she seriously had a
bowel movement
yep that's the biggest find it did you
sniff it to make sure the same stuff
it's funny better fresher